# CS250---Buzicky
How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?

When developing a program, the ultimate goal is the satisfaction of the user or users that this program serves. In order to assess user needs, meetings need to take place with stakeholders and potential users of the program to determine what features they would like to have available and how these connect to the needs of the users, organized by the Scrum Master and Product Owner. Focus groups, in-person interviews, email surveys, and customer reviews can all aid in the creation of user stories designed to guide the development of the program. The “user story” is a detailed description of one specific feature that a user or stakeholder would like to see in a program, as identified and prioritized by a Product Owner.  These are the basis for creating each component of a program so that developers can create the code and test this code for each story individually.  This way, if changes are made to user stories, only small parts of the code need to be modified, rather than the entire program.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

I approach the development of programs using a Scrum-agile framework, where the satisfaction of the customer is most important, and the creation of code should be done incrementally with testing done during all phases of the design process.  I want to be sure that in my future projects, I implement many components of Agile, such as the completion of work in short increments such a Sprints. Setting short team goals makes projects less overwhelming and allows the project to be completed in smaller parts, leaving less room for significant bugs later in development. I also hope to be able to use some type of Kanban board or Scrum board for future projects, since I am very visual person, and I find it very helpful to be able to keep track of tasks that are completed, need to be completed or are in progress. It is also very useful to know what other developers are working on, so that there is no redundancy or wasted time.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

Being a good team member in a software development environment means many things. First and foremost, it means having open communication between all members of the team you are working with. Transparency leads to less misunderstandings and greater efficiency when developing programs, so the use of tools like digital Scrum boards within a team can help everyone monitor the team’s progress.  Along with open communication comes overall support for one another.  If one person on the team is struggling, it is up to other members of the team to help. The success of a development team depends on the success of all individual members of the team, so supporting each other is of the upmost importance.  On the other end, team members who finish work early should seek out others who may need more support to finish their work.  If everyone on the team works to their potential, the team will be able to get their work completed efficiently. Finally, a good team member is flexible and adaptable. Not all team members have the same strengths, so it is important for all team member to be flexible so that everyone can work on projects that are both comfortable but also push the boundaries of their abilities, causing growth throughout the design process and allowing for changes to be made as needed.

